Add sslpassword connection parameter support (#1721)
zalando/patroni: docs/SETTINGS.rst

            -  **password**: password for the superuser, set during initialization (initdb).
            -  **sslmode**: (optional) maps to the `sslmode <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLMODE>`__ connection parameter, which allows a client to specify the type of TLS negotiation mode with the server. For more information on how each mode works, please visit the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-SSLMODE-STATEMENTS>`__. The default mode is ``prefer``.
            -  **sslkey**: (optional) maps to the `sslkey <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLKEY>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the location of the secret key used with the client's certificate.

>             -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key used with the client's certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key specified in ``sslkey``.
```

            -  **password**: replication password; the user will be created during initialization.
            -  **sslmode**: (optional) maps to the `sslmode <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLMODE>`__ connection parameter, which allows a client to specify the type of TLS negotiation mode with the server. For more information on how each mode works, please visit the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-SSLMODE-STATEMENTS>`__. The default mode is ``prefer``.
            -  **sslkey**: (optional) maps to the `sslkey <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLKEY>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the location of the secret key used with the client's certificate.

>             -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key used with the client's certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key specified in ``sslkey``.
```

            -  **password**: password for the user for ``pg_rewind``; the user will be created during initialization.
            -  **sslmode**: (optional) maps to the `sslmode <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLMODE>`__ connection parameter, which allows a client to specify the type of TLS negotiation mode with the server. For more information on how each mode works, please visit the `PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-ssl.html#LIBPQ-SSL-SSLMODE-STATEMENTS>`__. The default mode is ``prefer``.
            -  **sslkey**: (optional) maps to the `sslkey <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLKEY>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the location of the secret key used with the client's certificate.

>             -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key used with the client's certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            -  **sslpassword**: (optional) maps to the `sslpassword <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNECT-SSLPASSWORD>`__ connection parameter, which specifies the password for the secret key specified in ``sslkey``.
```
